week1/week1-part2b.MD, before:


#What we'll do#

Discuss the project structure of an **android studio** project and provide an overview of of the files and folders in the project

#Android Project Structure#

It would be fun if this world has no structure and convention! You can make a horse slide like the one below

![](https://i.imgur.com/rKpxPh.jpg)

<sup>courtesy of imgur and OP<sup>

Or use a gun a la Quake 3 rocket launcher!

![](http://i.imgur.com/PhrgLL0.gif)

<sup>courtesy of imgur and OP<sup>

or do this sick  move

![](http://i.imgur.com/dchnNNP.gif)

such fun!

unfortunately reality is boring and we are constrained by physics, and uhmm this is the part where I get to tell you the relation of these bollywod gifs to structures and eventually how this is related to an android project. 


Let's use  **Project view** to check the files and folder.

![](http://i.imgur.com/Zk4l7H3.png)

###app folder###


###.gradle folder###
![](http://i.imgur.com/XBQsd5o.png)

this is just [gradle's](https://gradle.org/) cache information. It get's created every time you create/build a project.


###.idea folder###

![](http://i.imgur.com/xglRcwP.png)

Contain's your project settings.
Copy paste from jetbrain's wiki:

	The .idea directory contains a set of configuration files (.xml). 
	Each file contains only a portion of configuration data pertaining to a certain functional area which is reflected in the name of a file, for example, compiler.xml, encodings.xml, modules.xml.

Source: [https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/help/project.html](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/help/project.html)

Commit message:

sluggish update on week 1 part 2.b

week1/week1-part2b.MD, after:


#What we'll do#

Discuss the project structure of an **android studio** project and provide an overview of of the files and folders in the project

#Android Project Structure#

If you think about it, physics somehow define the conventions and structure of the world we live in. If we aren't constrained by its laws we can make a horse slide like the one below

![](https://i.imgur.com/rKpxPh.jpg)

<sup>courtesy of imgur and OP<sup>

Or use a gun a la Quake 3 rocket launcher!

![](http://i.imgur.com/PhrgLL0.gif)

<sup>courtesy of imgur and OP<sup>

or do this sick  move

![](http://i.imgur.com/dchnNNP.gif)

such fun!

and uhmm  I wish I can think of something creative to tell you how these bollywood gifs are related to the android project structure. The god's of writting decided that I leave it up to you and that I should proceed to the our main topic.


So to start, Let's use  **Project view** to check the files and folder.

![](http://i.imgur.com/Zk4l7H3.png)

#app folder#

The most important folder that we should inspect is the **app** folder. This folder contains all your project resources, java files , build files etc. Let's go check the files and subfolders

##/app/build##
Contains the bui


###.gradle folder###
![](http://i.imgur.com/XBQsd5o.png)

this is just [gradle's](https://gradle.org/) cache information. It get's created every time you create/build a project.


###.idea folder###

![](http://i.imgur.com/xglRcwP.png)

Contain's your project settings.
Copy paste from jetbrain's wiki:

	The .idea directory contains a set of configuration files (.xml). 
	Each file contains only a portion of configuration data pertaining to a certain functional area which is reflected in the name of a file, for example, compiler.xml, encodings.xml, modules.xml.

Source: [https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/help/project.html](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/help/project.html)
